thank you so much for being with us here
today it's a very very special occasion
something that we've all been waiting
for a Tata Motors it is finally the
launch of the Gen X nano easy shift as a
beacon of innovation the nano as we all
know has continued to inspire people
across the world I would like to welcome
on stage mr. Munk body president
passenger vehicle business unit Tata
Motors good afternoon friends I on my
personal behalf and on behalf at our
motor exchange you a very warm welcome
to this special event wine industry
continue to grow at five to six percent
tata motor club the growth of 15% for
last seven months consecutively we have
outgrown the market these are
interesting times but I also say these
are very exciting times exciting times
because I think there is no better place
in India to be there today in Auto world
markets not many below in last five
years 2.6 7 lakhs and more nanos have
been sold we are very confident that
this products will be a very sure and
confident and offering for every compact
car customer in this country
Clopton friends and once again a warm
welcome to this event where Tata Motors
is coming out with a very compelling
offering in the compact hat segment so
there are two modes in the AMT a sports
mode when we have prepare performance
the Eco mode when we want to have better
fuel efficiency and the creep function
by which customer can actually control
the car just with the brake pedal
driving in traffic conditions very very
easy and effortless
so that's the gen-x nano for you
you